[IMP] calendar: expand parent documentation (#10774)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/calendar.rst

:show-content:

========
Calendar
========

> .. toctree::
>    :titlesonly:

Reviewer: Can remove this TOC text since you already have defined the TOC at the bottom of the file :)
```suggestion
```

Events created in synced calendars automatically appear across the integrated platforms.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Synchronize Outlook calendar with Odoo <calendar/outlook>`
   - :doc:`Synchronize Google calendar with Odoo <calendar/google>`

Create activities from chatter
------------------------------

Instantly create new meetings anywhere in Odoo through an individual record's chatter, like
in a **CRM** opportunity card or task in the **Projects** app.

From the chatter, click on the :guilabel:`Activities` button. In the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity`
pop-up window, select the desired :guilabel:`Activity Type`, which populates a set of buttons,
depending on the activity.

Activities that involve other schedules, like :guilabel:`Meeting` or :guilabel:`Call for Demo`, link
to the **Calendar** app. Select one of these activities to link to the **Calendar** app, then hit
:guilabel:`Open Calendar` to navigate back to the app. Alternatively, it is also possible to
:guilabel:`Schedule & Mark as Done` to close out the activity, or select :guilabel:`Done & Schedule
Next` to keep the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` window open to create another.

> .. seealso::
>   :doc:`Schedule activities in Odoo <../essentials/activities>`

Reviewer: Indent :)
```suggestion
.. seealso::
   :doc:`Schedule activities in Odoo <../essentials/activities>`
```

-------------

To put an event on the calendar, open the :menuselection:`Calendar app`, and click into the target
date. On the :guilabel:`New Event` pop-up window that appears, start by adding the event title.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-schedule-event.png
   :alt: Schedule an event window on Calendar app.

The target date auto-populates in the :guilabel:`Start` field. This can be changed by clicking
into the date section, and selecting a date from the calendar. For multi-day events, select the end
date in the second field, then click :guilabel:`Apply`.

Tick the :guilabel:`All Day` checkbox if there is no specific start or end time.

For events with specific start and stop times, ensure the :guilabel:`All Day` checkbox is unticked
to enable time selection. With the :guilabel:`All Day` checkbox unticked, time selections appear in
the :guilabel:`Start` field.

The signed-in user auto-populates as the first attendee. Additional :guilabel:`Attendees` can be
added or created from here, as well.

For virtual meetings, copy and paste the URL into the space provided in the
:guilabel:`Videocall URL` field. Or, click :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`Odoo meeting` to create a
link.

> Once the event is created, users can click into the virtual meeting directly from the calendar
> event.

Reviewer: I'd suggest instructing the user to save or navigate to more options, and have your original message to navigate from calendar view in a tip
```suggestion
Next, either create the event by clicking :guilabel:`Save & Close`, or select :guilabel:`More
Options` to further configure the event.

.. tip::
   Once the event is created, users can click into the virtual meeting directly from the calendar
   event to access more configuration options.
```

> 

Reviewer: Also, this image (`calendar/calendar-new-meeting.png`) is unused. Seems like it would fit here, please include or remove :)
```suggestion

.. image:: calendar/calendar-new-meeting.png
   :alt: The full event form for a new calendar event.
   
```

next to :guilabel:`Attendees` to view team members' availability. Tick (or untick) the checkbox next
to listed users to show (or hide) individual calendars.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-attendees.png
   :alt: View of Attendees section on Calendar app.

.. _calendar/share-availabilities:

Share Availabilities
--------------------

On the **Calendar** app main dashboard, click the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` button at the top
of the page. Next, click and drag to select the available times and dates on the calendar to add
them as options in the invitation.

.. tip::
   To remove a selected time range, hover over the availability to click the :icon:`fa-trash`
   :guilabel:`(trash)` icon.

.. note::
   Within the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` feature, selecting times is only possible
   on the *Day* view. Otherwise, entire days can be selected from the *Week*, *Month*, and *Year*
   views.

Once availability has been selected, click the :icon:`fa-external-link` :guilabel:`Open` button to
navigate to the associated appointment.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-meeting-share-availability.png
   :alt: Share availability window on Calendar app.

> .. note::
>    Within the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` feature, selecting date and times is only possible
>    on the *Day*, *Week*, and *Year* calendar views.

Reviewer: Can remove this note, as you already implemented and stated previously :)
```suggestion
```

calendar, select the target time and date to add them as options in the invitation. Once
availability has been selected, click the :guilabel:`Open` button to navigate to the associated
meeting.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-meeting-share-availability.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Share availability window on Calendar app.

On the meeting page, users have several configuration options:

Under :guilabel:`Scheduling`, select a minimum hour window to ensure that appointments are
confirmed a specified amount of time in advance. For example, select :guilabel:`01:00` to require
attendees to confirm at least one hour before their appointment time.

Under :guilabel:`Allow Cancelling` select a minimum hour window required before the appointment if
attendees need to make a cancellation.

Select *Users* or *Resources* under the :guilabel:`Availability on` section to allow invitees
to select internal users to meet or supplies like tables to reserve for their meeting.

The :guilabel:`Availability on` section enables attendees to book *Users* or *Resources* such as
meeting rooms or tables for their appointment. Select *Users* or *Resources*, then type in the

> contact or resource in the space below.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this explanation is better than the previous lines re:Availability on

> The :guilabel:`Availability on` section enables attendees to book *Users* or *Resources* such as
> meeting rooms or tables for their appointment. Select *Users* or *Resources*, then type in the
> contact or resource in the space below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Availability on` field enables attendees to book :guilabel:`Users` or :guilabel:`Resources`, such as
meeting rooms or tables. After selecting :guilabel:`Users` or :guilabel:`Resources`, then type in the desired
contact or resource in the space below.
```

> The :guilabel:`Front-End Display` option is used to show *User* or *Resource* photos on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Front-End Display` field is used to choose :guilabel:`No Picture` or :guilabel:`Show Pictures` related to the selected user or resource on
```

the appointment page.

If *Resources* has been selected, users have an option to :guilabel:`Manage Capacities`. Tick the
checkbox to limit the maximum amount of people that can use the resource at the same time.

The :guilabel:`Assign Method` section enables the order in which attendees book their time and
User/Resource:

- *Pick User/Resource then Time*

- *Select Time then User/Resource*

- If *Resources* has been selected under the :guilabel:`Availability On` section, there
  will be a third option: *Select Time then auto-assign*.

Schedule
~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` tab of the new meeting page, add or delete time slots.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-new-meeting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New meeting page on Calendar app.

Options
~~~~~~~

> The :guilabel:`Options` tab provides additional configurations:

Reviewer 2: I'm seeing some slightly different options in the 'Options' tab of the 17.0 runbot I'm using for this review:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/192matSbX4gFquxxaj12QH0_9zoTtfhvG/view?usp=sharing

Might be best to double-check these during your revisions to ensure the accuracy. Also, listing them in the order they appear, top-down on the left, then top-down on the right... helps readers follow along. 

Also, you can remove the empty lines between each field explanation 👍 

(adhere this suggestion for lines 160-195)

  :doc:`users' working hours <../hr/employees/new_employee>`.

- :guilabel:`Create Opportunities`: When this is selected, each scheduled appointment will create
  a new CRM opportunity.

- :guilabel:`Reminders`: Add or delete notification reminders. Select the blank space for additional
  options.

- :guilabel:`Confirmation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a confirmation email to
  attendees once the meeting is confirmed. Select from the email templates or click
  :guilabel:`Search More` to create a custom template.

- :guilabel:`Cancellation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a cancellation email to
  attendees if the meeting is canceled. Select from the email templates or click
  :guilabel:`Search More` to create a custom template.

- :guilabel:`CC to`: Add contacts to be notified of meeting updates, regardless if they attend
  the meeting.

- :guilabel:`Allow Guests`: Tick the checkbox to allow invitees to invite guests.

Questions
~~~~~~~~~

In the questions tab, add questions for the invitee to answer when confirming their meeting.
Questions can be configured for question type, placeholder answers, and whether they are required.

Messages
~~~~~~~~

> In the :guilabel:`Introduction Message` section, add additional meeting information that will appear

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Introduction Message` field of the :guilabel:`Messages` tab, add additional meeting information that appears
```

on the invitation.

Information added to the :guilabel:`Extra Message on Confirmation` section will appear once the
meeting is confirmed.

> Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button to see how the appointment link will look for attendees.
> 
> Once the configuration is finished, select :guilabel:`Share` to generate a link to send directly, or
> :guilabel:`Publish` to publish the appointment selection on the connected Odoo website.

Reviewer 2: At the moment, this information is appearing in the 'Messages' tab section. However, since it's a more generic note about the meeting form, in general, it might be better served prior to the breaking down of each tab...

```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button to see how the appointment link looks for attendees.

Once the configurations are finished, click the :guilabel:`Share` button to generate a link to send directly, or click
:guilabel:`Publish` to publish the appointment selection on the connected Odoo website.
```

.. image:: calendar/calendar-overview.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Overview of Calendar app.

.. tip::
   Depending on the selected view option, users can use the arrow buttons to switch between days,
   weeks, etc., then switch back to the current day with the :guilabel:`Today` button.

Sync third-party calendars
--------------------------

Users can sync Odoo with existing :doc:`Outlook <calendar/outlook>` and/or :doc:`Google
<calendar/google>` calendars by heading to :menuselection:`Calendar --> Configuration --> Settings`.
Events created in synced calendars will automatically appear across the integrated platforms.

Create Calendar activities from chatter
---------------------------------------

Instantly create new meetings anywhere in Odoo through an individual record’s chatter, like
in a CRM opportunity card or Project Task.

From chatter, click on the :guilabel:`Activities` button. In the new :guilabel:`Schedule Acitivity`
window, select :guilabel:`Activity Type`, which will populate a set of smart buttons depending on
the activity. Activities that would involve other attendees' schedules like :guilabel:`Meeting` or

> :guilabel:`Call for Demo` will link to **Calendar** app.

Reviewer 3: :guilabel:`Call for Demo` will link to the **Calendar** app.

> :guilabel:`Call for Demo` will link to **Calendar** app.

Reviewer 3: :guilabel:`Call for Demo` will link to the **Calendar** app.

> :guilabel:`Call for Demo` will link to **Calendar** app.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Call for Demo` will link to the **Calendar** app.
```

.. image:: calendar/calendar-chatter-activity-type-call-for-demo.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Schedule an Activity window on CRM app: Schedule a call for demo.

Plan an event
-------------

To put an event on the calendar, click into the target date. Under **New Event** in the new window,
add the event title.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-schedule-event.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Schedule an event window on Calendar app.

The target date auto-populates in the :guilabel:`Start` section. This can be changed by clicking
into the date section and selecting a date from the calendar. For multi-day events, select the end

> date on the right calendar, then click the :guilabel:`Apply` button.

Reviewer 3: Personally I might switch this to "date on the calendar on the right" because "right calendar" could be interpreted to mean "correct calendar".

> Additional event information can also be configured:

Reviewer 3: I think you can delete this line, the explanations of other ways to configure events speak for themselves! :cowboy_hat_face:

The :guilabel:`All Day` checkbox is ticked by default. For events with specific start and stop times

> , untick the box to enable time selection, which will automatically populate in the

Reviewer 3: Remove extra space before the comma :smiley_cat:

> The :guilabel:`All Day` checkbox is ticked by default. For events with specific start and stop times
> , untick the box to enable time selection, which will automatically populate in the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`All Day` checkbox is ticked by default. For events with specific start and stop times, untick the box to enable time selection, which will automatically populate in the
```

directly from the calendar event.

Click :guilabel:`More Options` to navigate to the meeting page, which has additional configurations
for the event:

- :guilabel:`Tags`: Add tags like *Customer Meeting* or *Internal Meeting*. These can be searched
  and filtered in the Calendar app when organizing multiple events.
- :guilabel:`Appointment`: Link existing or new appointments that can be configured in
  :guilabel:`Share Availabilities`.
- :guilabel:`Privacy`: Toggle between visibility options to control who can view
  the event.
- :guilabel:`Organizer`: This is defaulted to the current Odoo user. Select a new Organizer from
  existing contacts or create and edit a new contact.
- :guilabel:`Reminders`: Select notification options to sent to attendees. Choose a default
  notification or configure new reminders.

Coordinate with teams
---------------------

When scheduling an event for multiple users, tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Attendees` to
view team members' availability. Tick the checkbox next to users to show or hide individual
calendars.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-attendees.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of Attendees section on Calendar app.

> 

Reviewer 3: Everything after this should be under the header "Share Availabilities"!

  attendees if the meeting is canceled. Select from the email templates or click
  :guilabel:`Search More` to create a custom template.

- :guilabel:`CC to`: Add contacts to be notified of meeting updates, regardless if they attend
  the meeting.

- :guilabel:`Allow Guests`: Tick the checkbox to allow invitees to invite guests.

Questions
~~~~~~~~~

In the questions tab, add questions for the invitee to answer when confirming their meeting.
Questions can be configured for question type, placeholder answers, and whether they are required.

Messages
~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Introduction Message` section, add additional meeting information that will appear
on the invitation.

Information added to the :guilabel:`Extra Message on Confirmation` section will appear once the
meeting is confirmed.

Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button to see how the appointment link will look for attendees.

Once the configuration is finished, select :guilabel:`Share` to generate a link to send directly, or
:guilabel:`Publish` to publish the appointment selection on the connected Odoo website.

Share Availabilities
--------------------

> Click the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` box to share external meeting invitations. On the monthly

Reviewer 3: Is there a way to clarify they should click the small monthly calendar on then right and not the big monthly calendar view?

calendar, select the target date to navigate to an hourly view then, click into the hour slots to
add them into the invitation. Once availability has been selected, click the :guilabel:`Open` button
to navigate to the associated meeting.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-meeting-share-availability.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Share availability window on Calendar app.

On the meeting page, users have several configuration options:

Under :guilabel:`Scheduling`, select a minimum hour window to ensure that appointments are
confirmed a specified amount of time in advance. For example, select :guilabel:`01:00` to require
attendees to confirm at least one hour before their appointment time.

Under :guilabel:`Allow Cancelling` select a minimum hour window required before the appointment if
attendees need to make a cancellation.

> Select *Users* or *Resources* under the :guilabel:`Availability on` section to indicate where the

Reviewer 3: Something is missing at the end of this sentence! :ghost:

The :guilabel:`Availability on` section enables attendees to book *Users* or *Resources* such as
meeting rooms or tables for their appointment. Select *Users* or *Resources*, then type in the
contact or resource in the space below.

> The :guilabel:`Front-End Display` option is used to enable to show *User* or *Resource* photos on

Reviewer 3: Reword "to enable to show"

- :guilabel:`Timezone`: This is defaulted to the company's time zone selected in **Configuration**.
  To change the time zone, click into the section and select from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Location`: Select or create new locations on the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Videoconference Link`: Select from Odoo Discuss or Google Meet to include a video
  conference link in the meeting invitation.
- :guilabel:`Up-front Payment`: Tick the checkbox to require users to pay before confirming their
  booking. Once this is checked, a link will appear to :guilabel:`Configure Payment Providers`,
  which will enable online payments.
- :guilabel:`Limit to Work Hours`: Tick the checkbox to limit meeting time slots to
  :doc:`users' working hours <../hr/employees/new_employee>`.
- :guilabel:`Create Opportunities`: When this is selected, each scheduled appointment will create
  a new CRM opportunity.
- :guilabel:`Reminders`: Add or delete notification reminders. Select the blank space for additional
  options.
- :guilabel:`Confirmation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a confirmation email to
  attendees once the meeting is confirmed. Select from the email templates or click

>   :guilabel:`Search More` to create a custom template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Search More`, then :guilabel:`New` to create a custom template.
```

- :guilabel:`Cancelation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a cancellation email to
  attendees if the meeting is canceled. Select from the email templates or click

> - :guilabel:`CC to`: Add contacts to be notified of meeting updates, regardless if they attend

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`CC to`: Add contacts to be notified of meeting updates in this field, regardless if they attend
```

  the meeting.
- :guilabel:`Allow Guests`: Tick the checkbox to allow invitees to invite guests.

Questions
~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, add questions for the invitee to answer when confirming their
meeting. Questions can be configured for question type, placeholder answers, and whether they are

> required. To learn how to create more comprehensive questionaires, head to the **Survey** app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
required. To learn how to create more comprehensive questionnaires, head to the **Survey** app
```

> 
>    calendar/outlook
>    calendar/google

Reviewer: Move the TOC to the bottom of the doc please :)
```suggestion
```

  be searched and filtered in the **Calendar** app when organizing multiple events.
- :guilabel:`Appointment`: Link existing or new appointments. These can be configured through the
  *Share Availabilities* button from the main **Calendar** dashboard.
- :guilabel:`Privacy`: Toggle between visibility options to control who can view the event.
- :guilabel:`Organizer`: This is defaulted to the current Odoo user. Select a new one from
  existing contacts, or create and edit a new contact.
- :guilabel:`Description`: Add additional information or details about the meeting.
- :guilabel:`Reminders`: Select notification options to send to attendees. Choose a default
  notification, or configure new reminders.

Coordinate with teams
---------------------

When scheduling an event for multiple users, on the **Calendar** app dashboard, tick the checkbox
next to :guilabel:`Attendees` to view team members' availability. Tick (or untick) the checkbox next
to listed users to show (or hide) individual calendars.

.. image:: calendar/calendar-attendees.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of Attendees section on Calendar app.

Share Availabilities
--------------------

> On the **Calendar** app main dashboard, click the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities`
> button at the top of the page. Select the available times and dates on the calendar to add them as
> options in the invitation. Once availability has been selected, click the :guilabel:`Open` button
> to navigate to the associated meeting.

Reviewer: Suggestion to be more descriptive on how to select available times (click and drag), as well as how to remove times/dates.

Also, suggesting to move the note about times/dates here, and to correct and expand upon the difference between the views.

Finally, please add the icon when it is included in buttons
```suggestion
On the **Calendar** app main dashboard, click the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` button at the top
of the page. Next, click and drag to select the available times and dates on the calendar to add
them as options in the invitation.

.. tip::
   To remove a selected time range, hover over the availability to click the :icon:`fa-trash`
   :guilabel:`(trash)` icon.

.. note::
   Within the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` feature, selecting times is only possible
   on the *Day* view. Otherwise, entire days can be selected from the *Week*, *Month*, and *Year*
   views.

Once availability has been selected, click the :icon:`fa-external-link` :guilabel:`Open` button to
navigate to the associated appointment.
```

.. image:: calendar/calendar-meeting-share-availability.png

>    :align: center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   :alt: Share availability window on Calendar app.

> .. note::
>    Within the :guilabel:`Share Availabilities` feature, selecting date and times is only possible
>    on the *Day*, *Week*, and *Year* calendar views.

Reviewer: See previous suggestion– note that dates can be selected in all views, however, only times can be defined in the _Day_ view
```suggestion
```

> On the meeting form, users have several configuration options:

Reviewer: To avoid "users"
```suggestion
Several configuration options are available on the appointment form:
```

> In the :guilabel:`Scheduling` field, select a minimum hour window to ensure appointments are
> confirmed a specified amount of time in advance. For example, select :guilabel:`01:00` to require
> attendees to confirm at least one hour before their appointment time.

Reviewer: Semantic nitpick– there is nothing to select in this field, its all typing inputs :)
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Scheduling` field, set a minimum hour window to ensure appointments are confirmed
a specified amount of time in advance. For example, set `01:00` to require attendees to confirm at
least one hour before their appointment time.
```

> In the :guilabel:`Allow Cancelling` field, select a minimum hour window before the appointment, if
> attendees need to make a cancellation.

Reviewer: Same here, typing inputs– as well as a suggestion to reword the end of this sentence 
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Allow Cancelling` field, set a maximum hour window before the appointment that
attendees are able to cancel.
```

The :guilabel:`Availability on` field enables attendees to book :guilabel:`Users` or

> :guilabel:`Resources`, such as meeting rooms or tables. After selecting
> :guilabel:`Users` or :guilabel:`Resources`, then type in the desired contact or resource in the
> space below.

Reviewer: Fix early line break and no need for "then" IMO :) (also users not contacts)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Resources`, such as meeting rooms or tables. After selecting :guilabel:`Users` or
:guilabel:`Resources`, type in the desired user or resource in the space below.
```

The :guilabel:`Front-End Display` field is used to choose :guilabel:`No Picture` or
:guilabel:`Show Pictures` related to the selected user or resource on the appointment page.

If :guilabel:`Resources` has been selected in the :guilabel:`Availability on` field, users have an
option to :guilabel:`Manage Capacities`.

Tick the checkbox to limit the maximum amount of people that can use the resource at the same time.

The :guilabel:`Assignment Method` field enables the order in which attendees book their time and
user/resource:

- :guilabel:`Pick User/Resource then Time`
- :guilabel:`Select Time then User/Resource`

If :guilabel:`Resources` has been selected in the :guilabel:`Availability On` field, a third option
is available, :guilabel:`Select Time then auto-assign`.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding internal references to the following sections. This way the reader can quickly navigate to these optional sections, or continue through the end of the instruction of sharing or publishing the appointment :)
```suggestion

Optionally, configure the following tabs:

- :ref:`calendar/appointment-schedule`
- :ref:`calendar/appointment-options`
- :ref:`calendar/appointment-questions`
- :ref:`calendar/appointment-messages`

Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button to see how the appointment link looks for attendees.

Once the configurations are finished, click the :guilabel:`Share` button to generate a link to send
directly, or click :guilabel:`Publish` to publish the appointment selection on the connected Odoo
website.
```

> Schedule
> ~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Add anchor if implementing my previous suggestion.

I also recommend adding "tab" to each of the tab titles for clarity 
```suggestion
.. _calendar/appointment-schedule:

Schedule tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> In the :guilabel:`Schedule` tab of the new meeting page, add or delete time slots. The target date
> and time populate as the first time slots.

Reviewer: Specify that this is the appointment form, and not a meeting page :)
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Schedule` tab of the appointment form, time slots can be managed. The target date
and time populate as the first time slots.
```

To add a new time slot, hit :guilabel:`Add a line`. Click into the new blank space under the
:guilabel:`From` field, then select and enter the new target start date and time, respectively.
Repeat under the new blank space under :guilabel:`To` to select and enter the new target end date
and time.

> 
> .. image:: calendar/calendar-new-meeting.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: New meeting page on Calendar app.

Reviewer: This image does not show the Schedule tab lines, and does not seem relevant– can remove :)
```suggestion
```

> Options
> ~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Anchor and title :)
```suggestion
.. _calendar/appointment-options:

Options tab
~~~~~~~~~~~
```

The :guilabel:`Options` tab provides additional configurations:

- :guilabel:`Website`: Specify which website this meeting invitation will be published on.

> - :guilabel:`Timezone`: This is defaulted to the company's time zone selected in
>   the :menuselection:`Settings app`.
>   To change the time zone, click into the section, and select the desired option from the drop-down
>   menu.

Reviewer: "timezone" not "time zone" and fix early line break, and app formatting (no need to direct a user to the Settings app with a menuselection)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Timezone`: This defaults to the company's timezone selected in the **Settings** app.
  To change the timezone, select the desired option from the drop-down menu.
```

- :guilabel:`Location`: Select or create new locations from the drop-down menu. If this field is
  left empty, the meeting is considered to be taking place online.

> - :guilabel:`Manual Confirmation`: If :guilabel:`Resources` has been selected in the
>   :guilabel:`Availability On` field, tick the checkbox and enter a maximum percentage of the
>   selected resource(s)' total capacity to create a manual confirmation requirement to finalize the
>   meeting.
> - :guilabel:`Videoconference Link`: Select from :guilabel:`Odoo Discuss` or :guilabel:`Google Meet`
>   to include a video conference link in the meeting invitation.

Reviewer: Suggestion to swap the order of **Videoconference Link** and **Manual Confirmation** based on the order in the UI.

Also, specify that **Manual Confirmation** is only shown if _Resources_ is selected. And specify that the videoconference can be left blank to not generate a URL
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Videoconference Link`: Select from :guilabel:`Odoo Discuss` or :guilabel:`Google Meet`
  to include a video conference link in the meeting invitation, or leave it blank to prevent
  generating a meeting URL.
- :guilabel:`Manual Confirmation`: Only shown if :guilabel:`Resources` has been selected in the
  :guilabel:`Availability On` field. Tick the checkbox and enter a maximum percentage of the
  selected resource(s)' total capacity to create a manual confirmation requirement to finalize the
  meeting.
```

- :guilabel:`Up-front Payment`: Tick the checkbox to require users to pay before confirming their

>   booking. Once this is ticked, a link appears to :guilabel:`Configure Payment Providers`,
>   which enables online payments.

Reviewer: Please include icon :)
```suggestion
  booking. Once this is ticked, a link appears to :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Configure
  Payment Providers`, which enables online payments.
```

- :guilabel:`Limit to Work Hours`: If :guilabel:`Users` has been selected in the
  :guilabel:`Availability On` field, tick the checkbox to limit meeting time slots to the selected
  :doc:`users' working hours <../hr/employees/new_employee>`.
- :guilabel:`Create Opportunities`: When this is selected, each scheduled appointment creates

>   a new CRM opportunity.

Reviewer: App name formatting
```suggestion
  a new **CRM** opportunity.
```

- :guilabel:`Reminders`: Add or delete notification reminders in this field. Select the blank space
  for additional options.
- :guilabel:`Confirmation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a confirmation email to
  attendees once the meeting is confirmed. Select from the email templates or click

>   :guilabel:`Search More`, then :guilabel:`New` to create a custom template.
> - :guilabel:`Cancelation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a cancelation email to
>   attendees if the meeting is canceled. Select from the email templates or click
>   :guilabel:`Search More`, then :guilabel:`New` to create a custom template.

Reviewer: Nitpick :)
```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Search More...`, then :guilabel:`New` to create a custom template.
- :guilabel:`Cancelation Email`: Tick the checkbox to automatically send a cancelation email to
  attendees if the meeting is canceled. Select from the email templates or click
  :guilabel:`Search More...`, then :guilabel:`New` to create a custom template.
```

- :guilabel:`CC to`: Add contacts to be notified of meeting updates in this field, regardless if
  they attend the meeting.

> - :guilabel:`Allow Guests`: Tick the checkbox to allow invitees to invite guests.

Reviewer: Let's stick with the name "attendees" as it is used in Odoo
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Allow Guests`: Tick the checkbox to allow attendees to invite guests.
```

> Questions
> ~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _calendar/appointment-questions:

Questions tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> In the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, add questions for the invitee to answer when confirming their
> meeting. Questions can be configured for question type, placeholder answers, and whether they are
> required. To learn how to create more comprehensive questionnaires, head to the **Survey** app
> documentation on
> :doc:`creating and configuring data-capturing questions <../marketing/surveys/questions>`.

Reviewer: Suggestion to rewrite this to be more active
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, add questions for the attendee to answer when confirming their
meeting. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to configure a :guilabel:`Question`. Then select a
:guilabel:`Question Type`, optionally add a :guilabel:`Placeholder` answer, and choose whether it is
a :guilabel:`Required Answer`.

To learn how to create more comprehensive questionnaires, head to the **Survey** app
documentation on :doc:`creating and configuring data-capturing questions
<../marketing/surveys/questions>`.
```

> Messages
> ~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _calendar/appointment-messages:

Messages tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

In the :guilabel:`Introduction Message` field of the :guilabel:`Messages` tab, add additional
meeting information that appears on the invitation.

> Information added to the :guilabel:`Extra Message on Confirmation` field appears once the
> meeting is confirmed.

Reviewer: Fix early line break
```suggestion
Information added to the :guilabel:`Extra Message on Confirmation` field appears once the meeting is
confirmed.
```

> Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button to see how the appointment link looks for attendees.
> 
> Once the configurations are finished, click the :guilabel:`Share` button to generate a link to send
> directly, or click :guilabel:`Publish` to publish the appointment selection on the connected Odoo
> website.

Reviewer: Suggested previously to move this before the "tab" sections, as there is no guarantee the reader configured the Messages
```suggestion
```

> Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button to see how the appointment link looks for attendees.
> 
> Once the configurations are finished, click the :guilabel:`Share` button to generate a link to send
> directly, or click :guilabel:`Publish` to publish the appointment selection on the connected Odoo
> website.

Reviewer: Place the TOC at the bottom of the doc please :)
```suggestion
.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   calendar/outlook
   calendar/google
```
